# Terms of Use

Date: January 30, 2015

These Terms of Use govern Airborn ("we"), the user of the account to be
created ("you"), said account ("your account") and your use of Airborn
OS at airbornos.com ("the service").


## Limiting of use

We may limit your use of the service and/or terminate your account if we
suspect your use of the service is not acceptable use (see below).

We may limit your use of the service and/or terminate your account if
the load on the servers from your use of the service is very high ("fair
use").

We may terminate your account if it has been inactive for six
consecutive months and we have sent a warning in advance to your email
address (latest provided to us).

We may terminate your account for any reason if we send a notification
to your email address (latest provided to us) and provide an option to
download your data.

We may limit your use of the service and/or terminate your account for
the above reasons even if we have failed to do so in the past or on
other occasions.


## Acceptable use

You may not interact with the servers of the service in a way that poses
a higher load than the code as written by us does by default.

You may not circumvent usage limitations on your account.

You may not give access to your account to anyone else.


## Loss of data

We are not responsible for loss of access to your data if you lose your
username or your password and also your key or access to your email
address (latest provided to us or you).

We are not responsible for loss or disclosure of your data due to faulty
or malicious use or code or configuration by us, you or others.

We are not responsible for loss or disclosure of your data due to
compromise of your account through us or you.

We are not responsible for disclosure of your data due to missing or
wrong information or marketing material spread by us or others.


## Paid plans

If you switch to a paid plan, we will charge you automatically each
term. Limitations of your account will be changed as soon as possible,
but these changes may not have effect until you log out and in and/or
any caches have cleared.

If you switch between paid plans, you will be prorated.

If you cancel a paid plan, your plan will end after the current term and
you will not be issued a refund.


## The service is "AS IS"

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE AND OUR AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS
AND DISTRIBUTORS MAKE NO WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ABOUT
THE SERVICE. THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED "AS IS." WE ALSO DISCLAIM ANY
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NON-INFRINGEMENT.


## Limitation of Liability

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL WE, OUR
AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS OR DISTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR (A) ANY INDIRECT,
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY
LOSS OF USE, DATA, BUSINESS, OR PROFITS, REGARDLESS OF LEGAL THEORY,
WHETHER OR NOT WE HAVE BEEN WARNED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES,
AND EVEN IF A REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE; (B) AGGREGATE
LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS RELATING TO THE SERVICE MORE THAN THE GREATER
OF $20 OR THE AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU TO US FOR THE PAST 12 MONTHS OF THE
SERVICE.


## Personal information

We may use the data you give us as described in our
[Privacy Policy](./privacypolicy).


## Agreement

We may change these terms if we have posted a public advance notice.

Your use of the service implies your agreement to these terms or the
modified terms (described above). If you don't agree with the latest
terms, don't use the service.